Do you think
Uncle Qin was plotted by me
Otherwise why are you
I have to wait until my second uncle is in a coma to appear
Because when my second uncle was in a coma
No one can prove your identity
You can fish in muddy waters
So that's how you see me, otherwise?
Big brother smokes
It's not poisonous.
Are you sure?
Now that you've checked it out
I will no longer hide
This is not the place to talk
Let's go to the grey living room
Well, what the hell happened to that cook?
It's not impossible to tell you
But you have to answer me a question first
You say
Did you ever like me?
My mother was right.
What did God say before his death?
What a liar!
Ah.
What do you mean?
This is too narcissistic
I had to like him.